## How To Deploy to local xbox

### 1. Prepare Game For deployment
1. Build Settings -> Player Settings
    1. Update Version here
        1. Note that this will not affect the version when creating the final UWP package in Visual Studio but that version should match what is set here for consistency.
1. Navigate to Build output directory
    1. In my case that is `C:\Users\lytai\Repos\Sainthood-Builds\3`
        1. Where the `3` at the end is typically incremented to separate builds. In theory, I could also use the version number from above to keep things consistent.
1. Open the `Sainthood.sln` file in visual studio
    1. To Deploy to standalone xbox see [here](#2a-create-uwp-package)
    2. To run it locally on your windows device see [here](#2b-run-uwp-locally)
    3. To run it remotely on the xbox see [here](#2c-run-uwp-remotely)


### 2a. Create UWP Package
1. Right click on **Universal Windows** project and select publish -> Create App Package
    1. Sideloading is the method that will be used
1. Select *Yes, use the current certificate*
    1. I can't 100% remember, but I think that's generated by Unity when you do the build so this should be auto populated by the time you get here.
1. Output location should look similar to `C:\Users\lytai\Repos\Sainthood-Builds\3\AppPackages\Sainthood\`
1. Set version here again to match
1. Disable all architectures but x64.
1. Ensure configuration is set to Master.
    1. Debug and Release are poorly optimised for console and the profiler adds a lot of overhead.
1. Click Create

### 3a. Deploy UWP Package to Xbox
1. I'm going to assume your xbox is already in dev mode. If not, look it up.
1. Get the remote access url
    1. If you set up a username and password in the remote access settings, well you're gonna need them. Or you can easily change it on the xbox if you can't remember it.
1. Back on your PC, navigate to the remote access url
    1. And surprise, enter the credentials (if they exist?) to gain access
1. Under the My Games & Apps section select Add a new game
    1. From my experience, you will need to delete any previous version of the game from the target xbox
1. Navigate to your UWP output directory which should look like `C:\Users\lytai\Repos\Sainthood-Builds\3\AppPackages\Sainthood\Sainthood_2.0.5.0_x64_Debug_Test`
1. Select the `.appx` file that's listed there and select next
1. For dependencies, navigate to the `x64` dependency directory and upload all files that are there `C:\Users\lytai\Repos\Sainthood-Builds\3\AppPackages\Sainthood\Sainthood_2.0.5.0_x64_Debug_Test\Dependencies\x64`
1. Click next. Hopefully it all works

### 2b. Run UWP Locally
1. Set Target machine to `Local Machine`
1. Set Configuratino to `Master`
1. Set platform to `x64
1. Clean Solution
1. Run
   
### 2b. Run UWP remotely
1. Set Target machine to `Remote Machine`
1. Set Configuration to `Master`
1. Set platform to `x64
2. Right click on Universal Windows Project
3. Navigate to Configuration Properties -> Debugging
4. Click Machine Name Drop Down and select Locate
    5. If xbox does not show up here see [these steps (first 3 only)](#3a-deploy-uwp-package-to-xbox) to ensure it's been configured properly
6. If your xbox is currently running in dev mode it should show up here in the auto detected section
1. Clean Solution
1. Run
   
### 4. Running the Game
1. With the xbox running in dev mode change the App Type from App to Game
1. Run and enjoy
